I said Zhang Shoucheng
Gemini salute
Call you sir
Don't push your luck.
I just did a trick for you
You really think you're a master
Isn't it just a porter's trash?
What are you pretending to be unfathomable?
If there are monsters
Don't you know
It's your turn to yell here
Zhang Shoucheng, if there are any monsters
Lao Sun has long kept him in this belt
Now this belt has no response.
What a monster
This demon fox has extremely high cultivation
Even the purple-gold gourd couldn't refine him
Your inferior legal system
Naturally no response
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng?
You are a liar
Yasuo so far
Zhang Shoucheng, what are you pretending to be?
You just can't hold the money to come here to take pictures
So the gourd is jealous to stop us?
What else is there to say about the thousand-year fox demon?
What right do you have to talk nonsense here?
Just because I am a world with billions of years of cultivation
Don't say the thousand-year fox demon
Even the evil spirits of ten thousand years can't stand my glance
Mr. Zhang, you have the ability
But you can't call yourself heaven and earth
Shuanger, even you don't believe me
Hahahaha
Gemini is not stupid
How can I believe you crazy
Hahaha, oops, I'm dying of laughter.
A porter tried to deceive us
As a result, he fooled himself in
I see.
Shouldn't have let security let you in
It is disgusting.
Did the security guard hear?
Hurry up and kick him out
Zhang Shoucheng
Aren't you cultivated to the sky? You are so powerful
Why can't you guess
I slept with my girlfriend
Even attending this auction was blocked by security guards
It was thrown out.
You won't let me out!
I guess your Qin family will go bankrupt within 3 minutes
Then you must kneel down and beg me not to go